README.md, before:

LaTeX template for SJTU bachelor thesis
=======================================

Features
--------
- Header, footer, and margins
- Title page
- Table of contents
- Chapter and section title style
- Table and figure caption style
- Equation label style
- Bibliography and citation style

Usage
-----

    $ cd ~
    $ git clone git://github.com/stfairy/thesis-template.git
    $ git clone git://github.com/stfairy/thesis-bootstrap.git thesis
    $ cd thesis
    $ rm -rf .git
    $ ./link-template
    $ make

You can add `thesis` to your version control system to track your own changes.
Changes to the thesis template can be pulled from `thesis-template` directory.

If you use a different location for `thesis-template`, modify `link-template` accordingly.

Prepare the following files in directory `thesis/body`.
- config.tex
- abstract.tex
- main.tex
- bibs.tex

`\cite` is redefined to generate two citation formats:
- For the required citation format of "([n], Author, Year: Page.)", use `\cite[Page]{Name}` (e.g. `\cite[24]{JaffarYZ07}`).
- For inline text citation format of "Author (Year)", use `\cite{Name}` as normal (e.g. `\cite{JaffarYZ07}`).

License
-------

    Copyright © 2013 Xiao Jia <me@xiao-jia.com>
    This work is free. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
    terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2,
    as published by Sam Hocevar. See the COPYING file for more details.

Commit message:

Source code listings should be less than 70 columns in width for best display quality

README.md, after:

LaTeX template for SJTU bachelor thesis
=======================================

Features
--------
- Header, footer, and margins
- Title page
- Table of contents
- Chapter and section title style
- Table and figure caption style
- Equation label style
- Bibliography and citation style

Usage
-----

    $ cd ~
    $ git clone git://github.com/stfairy/thesis-template.git
    $ git clone git://github.com/stfairy/thesis-bootstrap.git thesis
    $ cd thesis
    $ rm -rf .git
    $ ./link-template
    $ make

You can add `thesis` to your version control system to track your own changes.
Changes to the thesis template can be pulled from `thesis-template` directory.

If you use a different location for `thesis-template`, modify `link-template` accordingly.

Prepare the following files in directory `thesis/body`.
- config.tex
- abstract.tex
- main.tex
- bibs.tex

`\cite` is redefined to generate two citation formats:
- For the required citation format of "([n], Author, Year: Page.)", use `\cite[Page]{Name}` (e.g. `\cite[24]{JaffarYZ07}`).
- For inline text citation format of "Author (Year)", use `\cite{Name}` as normal (e.g. `\cite{JaffarYZ07}`).

Source code listings should be less than 70 columns in width for best display quality.

License
-------

    Copyright © 2013 Xiao Jia <me@xiao-jia.com>
    This work is free. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
    terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2,
    as published by Sam Hocevar. See the COPYING file for more details.
